About section (#7643)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/concepts.md

#...
```
{% endraw %}

{:.tab.workspace.Server_2}
{% raw %}
```yaml
version: 2

jobs:
  build1:
#...
    steps:
      - persist_to_workspace: # Persist the specified paths (workspace/echo-output)
      # into the workspace for use in downstream job. Must be an absolute path,
      # or relative path from working_directory. This is a directory on the container which is
      # taken to be the root directory of the workspace.
          root: workspace
            # Must be relative path from root
          paths:
            - echo-output

  build2:
#...
    steps:
      - attach_workspace:
        # Must be absolute path or relative path from working_directory
          at: /tmp/workspace
  build3:
#...
    steps:
      - store_artifacts: # See circleci.com/docs/artifacts/ for more details.
          path: /tmp/artifact-1
          destination: artifact-file
#...
```
{% endraw %}

See the [Storing build artifacts](/docs/artifacts) page for more information.

### Caches
{: #caches }

A cache stores a file or directory of files such as dependencies or source code in object storage. To speed up the build, each job may contain special steps for caching dependencies from previous jobs.

> If you need to clear your cache, refer to the [Caching dependencies]({{site.baseurl}}/caching/#clearing-cache) page for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to clear your cache, refer to the [Caching dependencies](/docs/caching/#clearing-cache) page for more information.
```

The example below shows how to define a resource class in the Docker execution environment.

```yaml
version: 2.1

jobs:
  build:
    docker:
      - image: cimg/node:current
        auth:
          username: mydockerhub-user
          password: $DOCKERHUB_PASSWORD  # context / project UI env-var reference
    # resource class declaration
    resource_class: large
```

Examples for all execution environments are available on the following pages:

* [Using the Docker execution environment](/docs/using-docker)
* [Using the LinuxVM execution environment](/docs/using-linuxvm)
* [Using the macOS execution environment](/docs/using-macos)
* [Using the Windows execution environment](/docs/using-windows)
* [Using the GPU execution environment](/docs/using-gpu)
* [Using the Arm execution environment](/docs/using-arm)

> Pricing and plans information for the various resource classes can be found on the [Resource c lasses](https://circleci.com/product/features/resource-classes/) product page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pricing and plans information for the various resource classes can be found on the [Resource classes](https://circleci.com/product/features/resource-classes/) product page.
```
